- Players woke up in the tavern and received a note with a reward from Zahir Tariq.
- Velara saw them in the tavern and was pissed that they attacked a warehouse without even questioning who they were first.
- The party pushed back, saying she should have been honest with them.
- In the middle of their fight, the city watch command Baern Ironfist burst into the tavern, demanding Velara come with them and that they have orders to bring her in dead or alive.
- Velara reacted quickly, throwing a hairpin with a sleeping agent at Baern, which successfully put him to sleep.
- The guards attacked and Velara ran out back, where she was ambushed by two assassins.
- The party resisted fighting at first, not wanting to go against the Obsidian army.
- A guard attacked Dravencoles, but when Baern awoke he told them to stand down and focus on Velara.
- Upon seeing the assassins try to kill Velara, the party attacked them. Baern said "They're with her, kill them too".
- An all-out fight broke out and the party defeated the assassins while Velara ran up to her room. They left Baern asleep in the hallway (Momeline cast sleep).
- Velara, noticing how they helped her, asked if she could trust them. They said yes and climbed out the window and onto the roof.
- Ferinthria tripped and fell out the window but before hitting the ground used Celestial Revelation as an Aasimar to sprout wings and fly onto the roof.
- They hopped roof to roof and through alleyways stealthily. Lirielle did stumble when jumping once and was noticed fleeing by some commoners.
- They arrived at a nice house (the Thistle's). Velara was still angry, but Finn and Tilly convinced her the party was probably on her side.
- Finn told them about his vision, and they decided they needed to investigate the restricted section. They convinced Velara to stay behind.
- Party got to the restricted section and Momeline snuck past the guard. Ferinthria pretended to be lost and distracted the guard, who escorted them out. The guard went back though. Then Lirielle used disguise self to pretend to be a guard and take over their shift. The guard accepted and left.
- Momeline saw Winnifred in one of the rooms and was almost noticed but got away.
- Momeline confronted Winnifred, who turned into a night hag and attacked.
- The party joined to help and defeated Winnifred, who was holding a book and wearing a key.
- The book talked about the three artefacts. They party recognized they might already have the crown and Dravencoles was very interested in the hammer.
- Lirelle noticed a keyhole on the way in, and tried the key she was wearing. She was immediately sucked through the keyhold into the vault of imperative truth.
- The rest of the party went in one by one. Inside they were each presented with a book relevant to them.

What next?
- Return to the Thistles to tell them
- How was Winnifred involved with the cultists?
- Still need to handle Ithilwen's task