- Momeline told father Tironiel about radiant damage being bad for the corrupted blooms. He gave a charm of Saint Andral to Dravencoles to remember Mercy.
- They went back towards Balandel, but stopped first at the fire druid camp to rescue Talan. At the camp, Dravencoles went up to the river and accidently triggered one of their fire runes, which exploded. Luckily in launched him into a tree and he was able to hide there. Momeline snuck around and stuck her head in the tent where Talan was staying. He was scared and hesitant at first, but Momeline convinced him to come with them, so he wild shaped into a small Blackbird and went with her. During all this, the druids were searching for intruders after hearing the explosion. Lirielle and Ferinthria cast distracting spells to mislead them and everyone fled into the forest. When they realized talan was gone, they started burning everything and the party could see smoke and Flames going up in The druids rage.
- They went back to the Tavern, Wizzlethorpe told them the Queen's Lawyer had been assassinated, the building burned to the ground. The when you The burned lawyers firm and talked to valara who was gathering information. Nobody knows what happened but that a lot of people suspected The druids of the flame. The party asked Velara to try to find a lawyer.
- the party decided to visit the queen to see what she was going to do. When they got there the queen said that one of them had to represent her at the court. That no lawyer would understand the stakes and the full scope of the case. Momeline stepped up and decided to be the lead defense.
- Talan said the druids took him from the Queen's torture chamber (he was not tortured) and wanted him to testify against the Queen. After convincing he believed the party's story though and decided to take their side. He was worried they were going to call him to testify, though, and that he would be a bad witness with his nervous personality. They decided to get Talan drunk and gave Wizzlethorpe the task of keeping him up all night to be a poor witness tomorrow.
- look after that when they walked in the courtroom, Ferinthria and Lirielle noticed the Twin orb of passage sitting next to the Queen. It appear to be a decoration to most, but the party knew better. It was an escape route in case things went South.
- in the courtroom, Momeline (dressed in her finest lawyer attire), made opening statements, called witnesses (Talan, Elarin, and Serelion Thornweave). Momeline and the others consistently made strong arguments. Highlights included shocking the Arch druid when Elarin said he didn't believe the ring of verdant stillness was real (he was an apprentice of the archdruid and she thought he was on her side), and Dravencoles discrediting the Arch druid by saying all her evidence relied on cultist testimony.
- Just as it was starting to become clear that the queen would be found innocent, an arrow came from the rafters into the queen. Momeline thought quickly and put the orb of passage in the Queen's hands and she vanished. 
- the Arch druid was pissed. Everyone worked together to bring down the attackers who they soon realized were the Durns. [[Kaelen Rynn]] jump down from the rafters and started attacking while Tessa and Jesse were attacking from above. Powerful chromatic orbs from Ferinthria and Lirielle brought the scouts falling from the rafters. Jesse and Tessa got away, but Dravencoles got the best of Kaelen with a powerful Divine smite. 
- after everything was over, the jury unanimously voted that the Queen was innocent. After things settled down, she recommitted 200 troops to go with the party and Wizzlethorpe to Southaven to defend against the goblin raids.