- The party started at the Scarlet shield tavern. After [[Velara Kael|Velara]] went to bed, [[Talan Windfern]] and [[Dessie Pindlehop]] showed up. Talan mentioned that he talked to the druid ambassadors at [[Balandel Enclave]] and they were grateful for the party's help, but they thought that they had everything under control. Talan mentioned that they took a particular liking to Dessie and gave her a flower to wear in her hair. 
- After [[Garrin Dace]] left, The innkeeper came over to them and thanked them for their help. He mentioned that he was worried about Garrin, but he thanks the party for their work and gave them free drinks for the night. As the party was drinking and having a good time, Talan, [[Tilly Thistle|Tilly]], [[Finnathan Thistle|Finn]], and Dessie eventually went to bed. 
- Then, a man in a dark cloak came bursting through the tavern doors. When he took off his Hood it was none other than Dr. Wizzlethorpe! He greeted the party, who was excited to see him.
- He told them about his journey, how [[Southaven]] is growing worried about the increasing bandit attacks (that's why he's here --- to ask for [[Balandel]]'s help), [[Solaris]] is also not responding to requests for aid (another ambassador was sent there). He also mentions that he was ambushed and robbed on the road by a boy and two confused looking people. The party immediately suspected it was [[Jesse Durn]], [[Tessa Durn]], and [[Kaelen Rynn]].
- Everyone went to bed. When they woke up the next morning, Talan came bursting in saying that Velara was arrested. As they were heading toward the Prison to see what happened, they were intercepted by guards who took them to [[Queen Aelra Sylanthiel]].
- The Queen told them Velara was accused of murdering the Queen's highest advisor, Eleanor Vess ([[Murders at the Vess Estate]]). The party defended her saying there was no way. The Queen said she suspected the party. She had gotten word from Lusteris. [[Zahir Tariq]] is in charge now, [[Eirik Ravenskald]] was executed for treason, they are dealing with rebels, and they have accused the party of conspiring with Eirik to take down the city. The Queen is hesitant to believe Lusteris messaging and her party *has* confirmed much of the party's story, but she is suspicious. The ambassadors [[Serelion Thorneweave]], [[Sylvara Greenthorn]], and [[Irielle Duskwhisper]] advise the Queen to jail the party - they are too suspicious.
- The party convinces her to come to the prison to talk to Velara, invisible, to see that she did not do this. At the prison, the party talks to Velara and tries to signal that she should be careful with her words. Velara recounts how she was *following* the Queen and saw her go into a secret room with a golden key. While the Queen isn't happy that she was being followed, she agrees this is an alibi for the murder. Velara also talks about how the ambassador Sylvara knew exactly where she was. [[Dravencoles]] suspects the knife has tracking magic on it. They ask to see it and [[Lirielle]] confirms (via detect magic) that it does. The Queen is shocked at the news and leaves immediately.
- The party goes to explore the crime scene. They find a destroyed estate, some clues (small footprints, a note talking about tension with the ambassador Serelion, a blood magic torture spell, truth serum and snake venom), a Vess family heirloom, and some bandits looting the place, who they dispatch easily.
- When they return to the Queen they convince her to have lunch with Sylvara and use the truth serum on her. [[Lirielle]] uses augury and her portent die of 1 (role play as having strong visions that show her this plan will work), and makes Sylvara crit fail the check to resist the truth serum. Sylvara reveals that the murder was "the halfling that Serelion took a liking to" - Dessie Pindlehop.
- Shocked that she revealed this information, she attacks the Queen. [[Momeline Sweetwater|Momeline]] struck first with a powerfull assassinate, though. [[Ferinthria Everflame|Ferinthria]] flew up with Celestial Revelation and attacked with powerful spells. [[Lirielle]] also attacked with powerful spells, but had less luck in landing them. The Queen summoned an ethereal sword and struck Sylvara with rage, dealing good damage. Dravencoles hit with Divine Smite. Sylvara responded brutally by attacking Momeline and blasting everyone with a psychic blast. Dravencoles became charmed for a round. Momeline delivered the killing blow.
- In the church to [[Pantheon#Faeren, God of Nature and Balance|Faeren, God of Nature and Balance]], where this took place, they found a note saying "Her trigger phrase is 'the architect is calling on you to serve'". Dravencoles found a stone of earth elemental control. 
- The party returned the tavern and Dessie was arrested. Lirielle detected that the flower in her hair was a charm to prevent being detected as undead. Dravencoles used detect undead after the flower was destroyed and discovered that Dessie was, in fact, undead. She had already been turned by the cultists by the time the party found her.

