- The party went back to the Thistle home and caught up, discussed plans, etc.
    
- The party got the letter from Wizzlethorpe back. He was relieved to hear that Velara is okay. He also revealed that goblin raids had begun against Southaven but that they were holding their own.
    
- The party asked them to send a response to Wizzlethorpe
    
- The party also asked Tilly to find Ithilwen and bring her here to discuss the hammer.
    
- In their discussions Finn mentioned remembering an old prophecy that mentions a hammer a ring and a crown. He doesn't remember the details though.
    
- The next day Lirielle and Ferinthria went to the Library to search up on the prophecy Finn mentioned. When they get there they ask the magic librarian but only find a common halfling winter song. The section next to it is largely cleared out (like someone has taken those volumes).
    
- They search for things on Vel Seryn, but that entire section is gone too.
    
- They suspect things were moved to the restricted section by Winnifred, but when they get to the restricted section (Ferinthria turned Lirielle invisible to enter), they find it has all been burned down. Workers are carrying carts of ash out.
    
- They return to the Thistle home and Tilly reveals she could not find Ithilwen. Nobody knows where she is.
    
- The party sits around, drinking Lyrian's vintage wine, and chatting.
    
- Momeline, snooping around, finds old child drawings and presents them to Finn and Tilly. Tillys eyes water up and she leaves the room. Finn tells them that was their daughter who was taken from them at too young an age. He doesn't go into more detail.
    
- Three knocks on the door and Yuki arrives, begging them to help.
    
- The players agree and they all go to the wells. In the wells they run into water weirds that attack them first. There is a portal they keep spawning out of so Tilly and Finn stay back to keep it closed while Velara and Lyrian guard them.
    
- The players press on and discover the note from Ithilwen. Momeline rips the ring of Dravencoles finger.
    
- The players find the book about the summoning ritual.
    
- They find the altar room, defeat the ghosts in it (freeing them) and find the secret passage behind the altar.
    
- On the other side of the secret passage, they find the Banshee Princess Thalara Vess sleeping. Momeline sneak attacks her doing alot of damage. The entire party takes turns on her and does alot of damage but still she rises with a terrifying scream, sending Lirielle and Leonard Chesterwolfe directly into death saving throws. Momeline and Ferinthria finish her off before she can do anything else. Dravencoles heals Lirielle to full health and Leonard just enough so he can walk, but he's suffering.
    
- In the next room, they are paralyzed at the sight of Malrith Kelbirn. He speaks to them, Eirik and Zahir give their reasons for joining them. Ithilwen is paralyzed. Yuki betrays her since the party isn't able to convince her. Dravencoles hears Ithilwen in his head "You must visit the first shrine. You must flee with the hammer. He does not know you have it. If he gets it, it will be destroyed when the Black Architect rises and all will be lost. On my signal. Flee."
    
- The ritual starts, the four cultists take their own lives. Then Malrith is about to kill Ithiwen when she erupts in light, blinding all enemies. Dravencoles does not want to flee, but Momeline snatches his hammer and leaves. Angry, he follows. Ferinthria approaches Ithilwen but she casts command for Ferinthria to flee. Leonard, still hurt, isn't able to keep up (he rolled very low initiative).
    
- As the party leaves, the light fades and Malrith sacrifices Ithilwen. The ground begins to shake and necromatic energy is everywhere. The dungeon is flooding. They get to Finn and Tilly and tell them to run and they all escape the dungeon, and up into the city