---
date: 2025-06-24
date_solaris_start: 1267-04-26
date_solaris_end: 1267-04-27
---
Notes:
- The players met with Tilly and Finn the next morning in the Tavern common area
- They agreed Tilly, Finn, and Velara would stay back and do some research at the library while the party went to investigate Vael'Telor
- On the way to Vael'Telor, the party ran into Granny Louise, who seemed nice at first and invited them in. They didn't detect anything off about her. She was a little weird when Lirielle mentioned she is a Diviner. She gave them pies, Momeline and Lirielle fell asleep. Dravencoles and Ferinthria grappled her, but she reacted with a devastating Claw to each of them. 
- Lirielle, immune to sleeping, woke immediately from the spell.
- Ferinthria cast hold person to keep the witch still.
- Dravencoles woke Momeline up by picking her up off the ground and throwing her.
- Then the party attacked. Ferinthria and Lirielle succesfully counter-spelled two very dangerous attacks (the two legendary attacks).
- They explored the area and found some potions. They also found a room with a devil star and cages. A dead woman in one, a child with white eyes in another, and an elf man in the other. The party freed them, he thanked them noting that it was is daughter and wife in the other cages. They said they could get back on their own.
- The party continued to Vael'Telor, where they found the pile of Treant bodies. Dravencoles went ahead and the Shambling Mound attacked him. He did some good damage, but it engulfed him. The party was careful not to use fire magic to not upset the forest, but they did bring down the shambling mound eventually. Not before Ferinthria's wild magic made her teleport into the mound of dead treants, though!
- Ferinthria found a note from a druid, though, saying "If you find this, warn the others. They're coming from the grove—something's twisting the heart-tree. We tried to stop it.". 
- Dravencoles noticed corruption flowing from upstream, so they followed it, finding dead druid, treant, and dryad bodies along the way. They found their way to the entrance of a peaceful looking grove. 
- Lirielle recognized the symbols, carved into the sides of the gulley they passed through - this was a "Sanctuary of the Verdant Flame" - a druid grove that should have been harder for them to stumble upon. 


TODO:
- comfortable lodging
- lirielle chromatic orb poison 9 dmg
- ration from each of you
- letter - from lirielle to bixby - what the fuck
