- the party started out in the Scarlet shield tavern 
- they visited the shopping district and looked around but didn't buy anything. 
- Larry I wanted to sell an expensive potion of flying but nobody wanted to buy it 
- Tilly and Finn asked what the party was going to do afterwards and they were going over all their options: going to Vel Seryn to the north, Southaven to deal with goblin attacks, the ember halls to see what's up with the dwarves, Solaris to visit the first shrine, East of the witchwood to find Khasim's Crown.
- the party settled on sending Tilly and Finn to fadrin to prepare a guide to Vel Seryn for them
- the party decided to go and visit the queen to see how she was doing and ask some questions 
- they ask the clean if she decided on sending troops to help Southaven. She said she would decide by the party at the end of the week. 
- on another night at the Scarlet shield tavern a revenant came and attacked the tavern killing citizens. Eventually the party figured out that the revenant was [[Melissa Vaelrin]]. They discovered that it was actually Garrin who caused the entire family to die on accident at the wedding. He went to give himself up and almost died but the party killed the revenant after seeing it couldn't be reasoned with. 
- then the party went to the party at the Queens Palace held in their honor. There's a lot of nobility there and they had some conversations. The queen made a speech about their heroism. 
- Then [[Archdruid Thalwen Myr]] arrived and gave her speech about how the Queen was violating the rules of nature.
- the party tried to ease the tensions, but the druids attacked
- after some attacks back and forth, Ferinthria convinced them to wait until the end of the week to have a trial to decide what to do
- Momeline went into the locked room and discovered the twin orbs of passage the Queen had, allowing teleportation between them
