Party ran into Leuitenant Marvos on the outskirts of Lusteris holding off a line of sandwalkers.

- Marvos asked the players to take out the Sandwraith leader (telepathically controlling the sandwalkers) while they held the line.
- The party charged the sandwraith
- Ferinthria tried fire chromatic orb, but it was only partially effective
- Dravencoles tried divine smite, but radiant energy didn't seem to affect the desert wraith like it does normal undead
- Momeline tried to poison it with drow poison, but again not very effective
- Lirielle tried a lightning chromatic orb, and it did alot of damage but didn't turn it to glass as she'd hoped.
- Ferinthria revealed with Elementalism that the creature hates water (it screamed when she got it damp)
- Lirielle hit it with an ice knife and did tons of damage, though it evaded the explosion.
- Leonard Chesterwolfe delivered the final bite.
- The remaining sandwalkers collapsed immediately.
- Only three obsidian army guards (of 10) were defeated and turned to sandwalkers.
- The party was rewarded with a Token of Obsidian Valor (with Ferinthria)

Inside the city, the party found the Solara embassy had burned
- Velara Kael is staying at the Whisper & Oak tavern.
- Party finds Velara there and Momeline, barging in, finds men's trousers in her room. Lady Serin arrives and invites the party to the Silver Chair Gala.
- At the gala, they meet Yuki, Ithilwen, Zahir, Eirik, Tilly, and Finnathan.
- Momeline finds Starlit Fern Fronds in the garden (one of the rare ingredients Wizzlethorpe asked them to keep track of)
- They ask Finnathan about Wizzlethorpe being kicked out of the Marble Academy but he says he wouldn't know (too long ago) and to check the library.
- Ithilwen asks them to investigate the temple and gives dravencoles the medalion, which he recognizes as being able to detect divine corruption.
- Zahir asks the party to investigate theives guilds.
- Ferinthria succeeds at decepting Eirik into thinking she likes him.
- bandits attack, players stand down and Eirik is visibly irritated.

After the players retire, they decide to investigate the thieves guild. They find the Black Thorn warehouse easily enough and attack it immediatly, killing all inside with fire (burning hands, firebolts, and fireballs) along with Dravencoles hammer and Momeline's daggers.

They find a note in the warehouse:

> "Hard times tempt hard hands. But that's not who we are.
> 
> Steal what feeds the alley, not what makes it bleed. If they frame us, we stay cleaner than their silk. No blades unless they're drawn first. No fire unless they strike the match.
> 
> You are not to break the pact. No matter the cost."
> 
> —Lady V.

So it appears these were non-violent bandits.  
  
With that, the party