- Team left the hidden crypt and returned to the Thistle home with new info
    
- After the team told about the hammer, how it was identified, and that it was moved to Lusteris' most secure location, Velara and the Thistle's revealed their secret: they have been hiding fugitive's, including Lyrian Brightwind, the former High Banker that was ousted by Eirik Ravenskald in a sham election
    
- The party met Lyrian, a handsome young half-elf with auburn hair. He told them about where the access amulet was, and the party agreed to infiltrate to find it
    
- The party went through the shopping district, with their hoods drawn and Momeline hiding in the cart. They went through undetected by anyone.
    
- They arrived at the Emerald house and joined the commoners in line to check in for a tour. Momeline had her hood drawn and pretended to be Lirielle (who was disguised-self as a generic white woman) and Dravencoles' daughter. Ferinthria pretended to be the help with her hood drawn. They snuck up to the second floor and successfully pretended to be too important to be bothered to inquiring guards. They successfully Karen-ed their way into the third floor "Emerald Suite" where state guests stay. Then they got to the main office, Ferinthria made Momeline invisible and then asked a guard to show her around the office. Lirielle purposefully dropped her scarf. Then they left and Momeline stayed behind.
    
- When the party left, Momeline found the painting and the jade safe. She heard a click and realized she was on a timer before an alarm would be tripped. After trying unsuccessfully for a bit, she remembered Eirik in their meeting mentioning the number 34. She found the correct alignment with 4 seconds to spare.
    
- The party was able to take the amulet and leave without alerting any guards!
    
- When they got back to the thistle's, they came up with a plan to rob the Emerald Bank.
    
- The party got in (Lirielle disguis-selfed as Eirik Ravenskald) and dealt with some animated armor guards quickly. Momeline made it past a lasered room with great acrobatics, only to find the door impossible to lockpick. She was able to lockpick another door, though, and got a bunch of gold from a room. Upon realizing they were stealing from the bank, they decided to stop and continue with their mission - retrieve the hammer in the final room.
    
- Ferinthria sprouted her aasimar wings and flew through the lasers so gracefully, you would forget she's the clumsy forgetful one! She was able to crack the lock and open the door. Upon opening the door, the lasers went away.
    
- Lirielle noticed the chains would have vulnerability to frost/cold and so Lirielle and Ferinthria used frost spells to break the chains efficiently. Dravencoles caught the hammer as it fell toward the floor, but it feld cold in his hands.
    
- Alarms sounded and the chamber filled with guards, Zahir Tariq appeared. Lirielle, still disguised as Eirik, approached him and tried to convince Zahir that he was just exploring the bank. Her impressions were spot on! She even called in Zahoo and Zaboomafoo (because Eirik is ignorant always pronounces people's names wrong). They almost got away, but Momeline stepped out and Zahir realized what was going on. He ordered his guards to attack and not let them leave with the hammer.
    
- Ferinthria cast a fireball and incinerated many of the guards. Dravencoles and Momeline brought Zahir down with their hammer and dagger strikes, respectively. Lirielle took down guards with burning hands. But more and more kept pouring in as the bank alarms sounded.
    
- Then, an explosion. The party went into the other room and saw a giant hole in the wall and a tunnel. The Black Thorns, Lyrian, and Velara were there to extract them. They ran through the tunnel, Zahir chasing into stables outside of the bank where horses awaited them. Then they took off through the city streets and escaped.