- started at the tavern [[Scarlet Shield Tavern]]
- Went to the Queen's palace to check on Talan in the secret questioning chamber at the palace. When they got there, though, there were druids of the flame who were watching them and started following them. [[Momeline Sweetwater|Momeline]] bluffed and said they were there to see [[Elarin Vess]]. A druid eventually took them over to his guest chambers in the palace and the party talked to him. They told him the queen wanted to talk to him in person and they had a way to set up a meeting (via the Twin Orb of Passage in the library). He seemed hesitant and worried, but agreed.
- In the meeting with the Queen, they appear to have been successful in their attempts to convince [[Elarin Vess]] that the [[Archdruid Thalwen Myr]] is an extremist and her ideology would lead to the fall of [[Vel Enweir]]. The party thinks she's working with the cultists, but [[Elarin Vess]] disagrees. [[Elarin Vess]] also revealed that the druids had found the secret questioning chamber and [[Talan Windfern]] inside. 
- [[Ferinthria Everflame|Ferinthria]] turned [[Momeline Sweetwater|Momeline]] invisible so she could check on [[Talan Windfern]] in the questioning chamber. When she got there, she found druids standing guard at the empty chamber. They were talking about how they were disgusted that the queen even had such a torture chamber in her palace.
- Outside in the courtyard, Momeline hear the [[Archdruid Thalwen Myr]] send one druid of the flame to [[Saint Andral's Church]] to find [[Irielle Duskwhisper]] and another to guard [[Talan Windfern]] at their camp. She expressed frustration at [[Malrec]]'s death.
- Next, the party went to [[Saint Andral's Church]], a few hours ride outside [[Balandel]] and beyond the borders of [[Vel Enweir]]. In the church, the priest asked Dravencoles for a tithe, he gave him 100g.
- The Crimson watchmen came inside, the party didn't like what they heard and asked to take it outside.
- before they could even leave the church the watchman started attacking them.
	- [[Ferinthria Everflame|Ferinthria]] was able to slip past Dravencoles and the watchman through the church door and cast a pretty effective fireball on the watchmen
	- [[Lirielle]] brought them down with Magic Missiles.
	- [[Momeline Sweetwater|Momeline]] sneak-attacked
	- [[Dravencoles]] finished two off with a powerful divine smite
- The priest thanked them, though he seemed a bit worried about retribution
- He asked [[Dravencoles]] to visit Saint Andral's tomb beneath the church. Dravencoles had a vision of himself about to strike [[Talan Windfern]] and then a voice in his head saying "Mercy is Light. Without it, even the brightest flame burns hollow."
- The party went to the farm and that scenario played out
- [[Momeline Sweetwater|Momeline]] went into the well first. She threw an alchemist's fire at the three smaller blooms at the end of the cave and they exploded, knocking her back and unconscious. The rest of the party heard and went down the cave - [[Dravencoles]] first. When he got down there he saw a plant trying to smother [[Momeline Sweetwater|Momeline]] and cut it. [[Lirielle]] followed shortly afterwards and then [[Ferinthria Everflame|Ferinthria]]. Together they defeated a giant corrupted bloom in the other cave by discovering its vulnerability to fire and radiant damage. After defeating it they collected some seeds and told the farmer how they were able to defeat it. 