- The party decided to send Landor forward to kind of threaten the northern blockade. 
- meanwhile, the party went down the river under the trees to get to aramond's lookout.
- along the way they heard moaning. And ran into some goblins engaged in adult activities. They were able to just barely sneak past. Lirielle stepped on a twig and almost drew their attention, but they were able to get past. 
- as they approach the lookout, they saw a lot of goblin tents, and even a giant ogre guarding the front gate.
- Ferinthria turned Momeline invisible and Lirielle cast a spell to imitate another goblin's voice to call over the guards from a side door. The goblins fell for it and left their posts. 
- Momeline slipped in, but her invisibility stopped just as she was about to go in a door. She called the rest of the party over and as they were coming over the guards started to come back so they had to hurry. 
- they investigated the castle carefully, going past some rooms with goblins. 
- finally, in one room in a castle they heard a loud voice and another voice they recognized. They went into the room and found a giant Orc, [[Ghorzak the Red]] and [[Zigra]]. There was also a scaly looking humanoid creature there.
- zigra was upset with them and accused them of being the reason her father died, but they convinced her that the dwarves were settled on raiding the village and the actions they took were to protect the goblin women and children. She believed them and didn't know what to do clearly afraid of her new boyfriend. 
- ghorzak got pissed and threw her against the wall and called in goblins. When the goblins came in he ordered them to arrest the party, but momeline convinced the goblins to protect zigra instead. Ziggra hesitated but eventually told her goblins to arrest ghorzak. The goblins were supposed to follow ghorzak's orders but respected ziegra more and so obeyed. 
- a fight broke out, and the scaly looking creature turned into a snake and slithered out an arrow slit. Talan wild shaped into a bird and went after it.
- The party was fighting Ghorzak, who quickly decapitated two of The goblins. 
- talan came back in with a snake but transformed back into a human + fell unconscious immediately. It was clear that he was bitten by some sort of Venom. 
- Velara basically spent the whole fight wrestling with the snake like creature and trying to grapple it. In the end she was successful.
- a cultist entered hearing the commotion and began attacking the party as well. 
- eventually the party defeated gorzak and the cultist started to run away.
- Momeline, Ferinthria, and Dravencoles ran after him.
- Lirielle stayed back and tried to give a health potion to talan but it didn't seem to do anything.
- zigra tried to heal him also and it didn't seem to do anything.
- Ferinthria ran back and tried to heal him with healing hands and it seemed to work. They suspected that holy energy was needed to heal this kind of wound. So they called Dravencoles back. Dravencoles was able to barely bring talan back to life with a huge radiant heal.
- Lirielle, Momeline, and Ferinthria took care of the cultist in the other room, where yet another, more powerful looking cultist was casting some sort of dark spell.
- they tried to attack but it flew away in death Eater smoke-like fashion. 
- the party regrouped and talked to zigra, who agreed to go back to the pale mountains, where she said she was going to kill some dwarves. That last part made the party uncomfortable, but for now they were happy she was leaving the valley.
- Lirielle put the snake creature in her component pouch, so it couldn't escape. 
