- The party woke up in the tavern and started talking to [[Finnathan Thistle|Finn]], [[Tilly Thistle|Tilly]], and [[Velara Kael|Velara]]
- They agreed to find out what was going on, what the Queen was going to be charged on, etc.
- They went to the Queen's estate and talked to the her
- She told them the ring must stay a secret & she plans to deny its existence. She wants the party to destroy the evidence the Archdruid submitted to the Balandel Courthouse.
- The party agrees, though between themselves they decide they are going to wait to see the evidence before deciding what to do with it.
- They sent Velara to scope out the courthouse ahead of time while they went back to the inn.
- Upon arriving at the inn, they ran into the [[Archdruid Thalwen Myr]] walking out. She asked to talk to them and immediately asked how they visited all three groves (hundreds of miles apart) in the same night. The party said they were hesitant to trust her and asked what *she* thought the reason was. She said she thought this "Verdant Reliquary" was real and that the queen is using it with the ring to drain the groves. The party resisted commenting and she told them "We'll speak tomorrow. You need to decide what side you're on. Honesty or Treachery." 
- After she left, they went inside. [[Dravencoles]] had some beers with an already inebriated [[Bixby Wizzlethorpe]], while [[Momeline Sweetwater|Momeline]] went to catch up with the tavern gossips. The gossips told her that nobody had seen [[Talan Windfern]] in over a week (she had previously asked them to keep an eye out for him). [[Garrin Dace]] came over to serve drinks at some point, and [[Lirielle]] followed him away to ask him some questions. He revealed the Archdruid had questioned him about the party and that he kept things vague and lauded their heroic achievements. He did tell the Archdruid that Talan was arrested by the Queensguard, though.
- Later that night, the party broke into the Balandel Courthouse. Behind the house they alerted a barking dog, who [[Ferinthria Everflame|Ferinthria]] first tried to calm down by giving food (didn't work) and then by casting Speak with Animals. She convinced the dog to calm down and to keep an eye out for them.
- Inside the courthouse (they broke in very easily using [[Momeline Sweetwater|Momeline]]'s temporary ethereal ability to pass through walls), they found the three notes in the Evidence room and took the scrambled one and the one from [[Serelion Thorneweave]] to [[Malrec]]. They left the note from [[Myrhan]] to [[Malrec]] in the evidence bin. [[Momeline Sweetwater|Momeline]] successfully decoded [[Lyrian Brightwind|Lyrian]]'s message that they were fleeing [[Lusteris]] for [[The Ember Halls]]. 
- [[Momeline Sweetwater|Momeline]] went into the next room, the Judges quarters, solved the balance puzzle and unlocked the chest. She found the note, read it, but left it there.
- [[Dravencoles]] then lifted [[Momeline Sweetwater|Momeline]] through the ceiling onto the next floor, where there was a sleeping Druid of the Flame next to some handwritten notes by the Archdruid detailing her plans. [[Momeline Sweetwater|Momeline]] took the note and returned to the party.
- Then the party went back to the Queen (middle of the night now, using the twin orb of passage) and updated her. They are suspicious that the Archdruid is somehow involved with the cultists. The Queen tells them her Queensguard let her know the Archdruid is looking for [[Talan Windfern]] (who is in a secret questioning chamber in the palace). If she finds him, it could be bad.
- The Queen also tells them [[Irielle Duskwhisper]] was assigned to work at Saint Andral's Church, a few miles outside of the city, beyond the borders of [[Vel Enweir]] in the free villages (a few hours ride). The party decides to send a message to her telling her to take a Queensguard escort to [[Fadrín]] with [[Finnathan Thistle|Finn]] and [[Tilly Thistle|Tilly]]. They try to convince [[Velara Kael|Velara]] to go with them, but she wants to stay with the party. They decide to try to save [[Laerwen Sylvenblade]] and her father from the assassination attempt noted in the note tonight.
- Finally, the queen asks them to assassinate [[Malrec]] who she found out is being held captive at the fire druid camp outside of the city.
- When the get to the Silver Bark Armory, [[Momeline Sweetwater|Momeline]] goes inside. Three druids of the flame stop [[Dravencoles]], [[Ferinthria Everflame|Ferinthria]], and [[Lirielle]], though, asking why they are there. The druids say they were sent to keep an eye out for assassins. The party sneaks the Sylvenblades out the back, gets them to the Tavern and off to [[Fadrín]] with the Queensguard, Tilly, and Finn. [[Laerwen Sylvenblade]] tells [[Momeline Sweetwater|Momeline]] "They think it's me, but it's your friend", hinting that [[Lirielle]] is destined to wear the crown.
- Before going to bed, [[Lirielle]] decides to put on the crown. Unlike [[Momeline Sweetwater|Momeline]] she actually feels like she has agency in the flashback, but right as she feels like she can make her own decision, she snaps out of the dream, as if she can't quite grasp it to take control of it.
- Lastly, they went to the Fire druid camp outside the city to assassinate [[Malrec]]. Despite [[Momeline Sweetwater|Momeline]] stepping on a fire rune and detonating it, her and [[Lirielle]] are able to assassinate [[Malrec]] before he is even able to respond and flee before the druids even realize what's happening.