- The party left off at the lookout with the goblins. 
- they decided to take a long rest there and try to sneak into Southaven around midnight.
- they snuck into Southaven successfully. + Had an emotional reunion with Lord Kael, Velara and Brenlan.
- they also saw Lady tywin and her daughter Vanessa. They were clearly upset (the party had earlier found Lord tywin hanging at the lookout, killed by the goblins)
- vanessa asked if they found her father, the party said they had confirmed that he was dead. But they had good news that they found her small dog, beefy, alive and momeline (somewhat reluctantly) returned it to her (he is very cute).
- the party decided that they were going to signal landor to attack. They lit a beacon but he didn't attack so they sent Talan they deliver the message. 
- the army started attacking the northern blockade, so the party snuck up from the South to try to sabotage them as well.
- when they got there Ferinthria delivered a devastating Fireball to kill many bandits at once. 
- the rest of the party attacked, Momeline using her last Arrow of Shadow Bolt. They defeated the remaining guards quickly, given that majority of the bandit forces were distracted from the attack to the north. 
- they found rothgar Red hand guarding cages. He told them to let him go or he would shoot the prisoners. The party let him flee. 
- the prisoners were Gareth Voss and Harlan Drexel, Hope the party reunited with. 
- as they were uniting, they heard a giant screech and saw a giant Hydra attacking Southaven from behind. 
- Dravencoles got on his divine steed, picked up Momeline, and rode as fast as he can to try to intercept in.
- Ferinthria and Lirielle followed from behind. 
- the party picked up quickly that they needed to use fire damage to prevent its heads from regrowing. 
- the Hydra destroyed a lot of the town and started going into the keep killing guards, but the party was able to defeat it relatively quickly. 
- with a dead Hydra in the middle of the keep of Southaven, the attack has not ended yet and the party must decide what to do.