
- the party was in The Scarlet shield tavern talking to Tilly and Finn. 
- they agreed to have tilian Finn continue their research and ask them to look into the heart tree.
- they also agreed to have a Lara follow The Queen.
- they told Finn and Tilly to keep an eye out for Bixby who is supposed to arrive in the city soon 
- then they visited the shopping district. In the shopping district they went into some of the shops and bought some items. They found out that the elf they saved and Granny Louise' hut is the owner of the silver bark armory. His daughter who has white eyes looked at ferinthria when she came in and recited a piece of what they discovered later to be the prophecy of the wild spark. 
- after buying some items they took off to investigate Alith's disappearance 
- when they approached the crypt they didn't notice anything. I'm only went up and picked the lock. They went inside and found an empty crypt with a single coffin. They also noticed the same book on blood magic they saw during the summoning in Lusteris. 
- normally pocketed the book thinking it might be useful later.
- as they were looking around the vault some cultist scouts ambushed them. 
- they were able to dispatch them very quickly without shedding any blood near the altar at the end of the room. This mattered because it's actually blood that opens the altar into the secret passageway and the rest of the crypt. Lirielle using detect Magic discovered that the altar had blood magic around it. Momeline then remembered the cut hands of the coldest they slayed and figured out how the altar opened.
- inside the crypt they went to the right first and momolene picked the locked door.
- inside they found a bunch of dead bodies that were remarkably preserved. If all the dogs one of them was Tessa Durn, and the other her boyfriend. They suspected Jesse was somewhere but didn't find him. 
- they left the room and went across the hall into the other side room. They found a sleeping guard but momeline was able to assassinate him immediately. They found some items in this room. 
- Elyria use prestigitation to create a burning smell and draw the boss, Myrhan, in the final room out. Ferinthria made Momeline invisible and she snuck around him and into the main room. But then he went back in and locked the door so Momeline was in there alone with him.
- she tried to cats sleep on him but it didn't work and he attacked. 
- he proved to be a formidable foe. The party was able to bring him down but not before he put a black marble on one of the coffins. After he fell the marble sunk into the coffin and glowed a purple glow. Then they heard knocking come from the coffin. 
- they made Draven calls sit on top of it while they looked in the boss room for loot. Inside the room they found a note that mentioned the ring existing and that their plans were underway. The note was written from the boss two blacksoul Silas, so they rewrote some parts and left it. They also looted the chests nearby. 
- back in the room where Dravencolels was they decided to undo the coffin and let whatever was inside out. 
- and Alvin revenant came floating out looked at them and said you are not my killers and then floated through the ceiling. 
- the party got back late to the tavern and saw a fin and Tilly. They couldn't find anything about the heart tree other than it being a druidic symbol. They did find some information about the hammer of Elandria though. They confirmed that the first shrine was a real place but it's hidden in Solaris. 
- Velara said she found the queen but couldn't follow her into a locked room in the library. She followed her all over the place and claims she wasn't seen. Then she said she's going to follow up her again later tonight but for now she's going to go to sleep and went to bed. 
- while the party was talking to Tilly and Finn, they decided to look up the prophecy of the wild spark in the void crowned book. They found it and recited it in theorized that ferinthria is the wild spark and they must be ones who will use the other three relics. 
- finally before bed they decided to send a letter to lyrian. They're worried about the letter being intercepted though so they just wrote "hey pants, any status update?". They knew he'd get the reference. 


