---
date: 2025-07-02
date_solaris_start: 1267-04-27
date_solaris_end: 1267-04-30
---
- Momeline decided to check out the grove from above by climbing to the top of the 20ft bluff.
- At the top she saw footprints and also saw a tripwire in the gulch below that would cause boulders to fall
- She came back and told the party to go the other way
- Dravencoles lead, but stepped on a mine and was launched back into the wall
- The party ran ahead and crossed the creek, Lirielle noticed a dead druid holding a peculiar staff that she picked up
- The party hid behind a ridge
- Momeline went ahead, stealthed, but the ambush was set: a dire wolf attacked her
- The rest of the party lept into action. Lirielle and Ferinthria attacked with scorching ray and Magic Missile.
- A Tough Boss appeared, and touched something on his chest that caused a great silence bubble. Lirielle and Ferinthria could no longer cast most of their spells!
- He attacked dravencoles and ferinthria, missed dravencoles and hit ferinthria
- The party attacked him with melee attacks since they couldn't cast spells - except Lirielle, who cast ice knife in silence. The knife exploded on impact and did lots of damage to the boss. Dravencoles, nearby, was able to avoid taking any damage from it.
- He tried to run away, but Dravencoles chased after him and delviered the killing blow.
- Momeline took a tooth from the Dire Wolf
- Lirielle found a Blinking Toadstool - one of the cocktail ingredients Wizzlethorpe told them to keep an eye out for
- They found druid runes next to the waterfall and the cave down into it
- The dark crytsal pulsing over the pool in the cave did damage to Dravencoles, he tried to hold it and took even more damage. Lirielle sent magic missiles to destroy it and it shattered in Dravencoles' hand. The water started to cleanse immediately.
- They defeated the vine blights in the cave and found a wall full of runes. They noticed the staff glowed near the runes they saw outside, but couldn't figure it out.
- Momeline ate a mushroom and got high, started to talk about how she wished she spoke elvish like the rest of the party.
- This reminded Lirielle, and she spoke the four runes "sun", "moon", "water", "wind" in elvish and the door opened.
- Inside, they found a terrified druid initiate, [[Talan Windfern]]. He recognized the staff lirielle was carrying as his master's. Lirielle refused to return the staff to him. Not trusting after what happened with [[Granny's Pie Shack|Granny Louise]].
- He agreed to go back to Balandel with them to see about talking to Master Druids and helping protect the groves.
- In Balandel, the queen talked to them. Lirielle noticed her touch her ring. she gave them access to the town.
- Back at the Tavern, the Thistle's told them about their research on Vel Seryn.
- The waiter, [[Garrin Dace]] approached them and asked them to investigate his missing friend [[Alith Vaelrin]]. Last he heard he was visiting his family's remains at the [[Crypt of House Vaelrin]].